9 a.m.
in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here in Hong
Kong, you're watching the China show.
I'm Yvonne Man with Annabel Jewelers.
We're counting down to the opening of
markets in Greater China.
And our top stories this morning.
Oil is edging lower as President Trump
extends his deadline for Iran to strike
a deal with the US.
He says talks with Tehran are going very
well, but traders remain cautious, with
Asia following the sell off on Wall
Street tech and memory chips.
Also weighing on the Cosby after Google
touts a memory breakthrough.
Plus, we have a slew of exclusive
interviews lined up on the China show.
We'll be talking earnings with
executives of pony I we ride and
Henderson land.
I still can't quite wrap my head around
all the stuff that's happening on the
show every day.
When you talk about the amount of
earnings and the CEOs that are coming
on, whether it's from the robotaxi side
of things all the way to a property with
Henderson Land, and then we got the ETF
segment as well.
So certainly there's a lot on tap, but I
think we're still focusing on as we wrap
up this trading week of what's supposed
to be, you know, optimism around some
sort of cease fire in Iran.
It seems like those sort of hopes are at
least fading now, hopes fading.
But also this extension is in play.
And so that's also driving, I guess,
commodity prices or what is driving
commodity prices.
I mean, we we had that deadline.
It was supposed to be five days.
Now it's ten days.
And so that's the big question.
I mean, President Trump says the talks
are going very well.
Tehran, obviously, we've seen it having
consistently quite a different
perception of how negotiations are
proceeding.
And who is President Trump actually
speaking to on the Iranian side?
Certainly is the key question.
And I think, yeah, I think Bloomberg
intelligence is a pretty interesting
take on it that, you know, 00 oil can
actually prolong for for a long time
here, that maybe we re some sort of
peaches give what we're seeing with the
rhetoric.
But it seems like that all oil is here
to stay for at least a little bit more
longer.
As, of course, this extension of this
deadline maybe does just extend the
uncertainty a little bit longer to.
Yes, certainly we have seen really oil
slipping on that deadline extension.
But let's take a look then at the market
action, because we saw that sell off on
Wall Street overnight.
Actually, futures are just nudging a
little bit higher.
But it's really the main thing that
we're tracking today.
And of course, there's really one big
standout to the downside.
That's the cost there.
You can see off more than 4% at this
point in time.
This is a story that's actually started
trending through the second half of the
week.
So to put it in context here, we're
essentially very cautious.
So there is caution around these memory
chip names, SK Hynix, Samsung in
particular.
Take a look at how they're are faring
here as well, of course, over in Japan.
But but the the sell off here is being
driven by a release from Google.
So actually they've just talked about
their turbo coupon algorithm.
They they had released this last year,
but they've just publicized this week.
And and the key question here is you
have this compression for for for
running large language models.
Does that mean that less memory is
required and that's why you're seeing
this downside pressure today, so more
with less, essentially?
And what does that mean for that huge
run up we've seen in some of the Korean
names, in particular, oil, as we said,
big focus on what's happening in the
energy space given you've got President
Trump extending this deadline for Iran
to strike a deal with the US by ten
days.
As we said, he's his view is that the
talks are going very well, but certainly
big questions around what this means for
the risk of inflation.
And we've seen that very much building
into yields at the front end of the
curve.
You can see here continuing to track
what's happening with the US two year
yield there, the Korean one, of course,
another one that we're tracking.
Again, we've got that currency past that
1500 mark, but around levels we haven't
seen since 2009.
So a big bearing on these economies in
this part of the world that are major
energy importers taking a quick look as
well.
As we said, the set up for China today,
it's very much driven by the earnings
story.
That's what we've been tracking this
week.
Yesterday, it was that .1 trillion in
market cap that was reporting lots of
different names that we're speaking to
and lots of great interviews coming up
this.
Yeah, everything from Pony Air we ride
Henderson Christie CEO we were talking
about about that their anniversary of
course this auction coming up it's art
week also in Hong Kong.
So there's a lot is the a sport I think
you could say that's really something
for everyone.
It's a busy week.
It's a news buffet.
Yeah.
And we were talking about restaurants.
I mean, it's just it's just a busy week
for Hong Kong President Trump.
Bill, let's talk about the latest.
Extending his deadline for Iran to
strike a deal with the US or face more
attacks.
He has given Tehran ten more days now,
offering a brief calm to global energy
markets.
I gave them a ten day period.
They asked for seven.
You're going to say, Oh, Trump's a
terrible negotiator.
They asked for seven.
And I said, I'm going to give you ten
because they gave me ships.
We talked about the eight ships.
You know, the president that I talked
about the other day.
But they asked for seven and they gave
them ten.
You got ten days.
And they were very thankful about that.
Meanwhile, The Wall Street Journal is
reporting that the U.S.
is weighing sending another 10,000
ground troops to the Middle East.
Let's bring in our Bloomberg News desk
managing editor Jill Dessus.
So we've kick the can down the road from
ten days.
How should we interpret that move?
Yes, Well, I think at this point and I
think as you mentioned earlier, Yvonne,
we're kind of just prolonging the period
of uncertainty here.
Obviously, you're seeing a little bit of
that relief just because the threat that
Trump is posing here is so massive.
The idea of striking energy sites.
I mean, we saw what happened, what was
it a week ago when we had the
retaliation from Iran?
We know that they're more than willing
to come back with strikes of their own
on key energy facilities.
So, I mean, the fact that you've kind of
delayed that a little bit, that's why
you're seeing that reprieve here.
But ultimately, we still have so much
uncertainty around how these
negotiations are even taking place.
I mean, a lot of the key Iran military
and intelligence officials are dead.
We have some indication that maybe key
to the negotiations is the Iranian
speaker in parliament.
But again, we still don't have a ton of
confirmation there.
There's a lot of conflicting back and
forth over this 15 point plan that the
U.S.
proposed to Iran, where we've heard the
Iranians have outright rejected the idea
of that 15 point plan.
So ultimately, here you you do have this
reprieve.
It's still unclear exactly, you know,
how these negotiations took place, but
we still don't know what that means
beyond that ten days or if anything
significant could happen within that
period before that April six deadline.
Yeah, Well, something I guess that could
be significant would be this plan that
we've got from The Wall Street Journal
reporting that Trump is looking at
possibly sending another 10,000 ground
troops.
What have we heard on that front?
And what are the key things that you're
actually watching out for as well?
Yes.
So this is a fresh report just within
the last 30 minutes or so does appear to
have had a little bit of market impacts
there.
But because obviously that would, you
know, imply that while there may be a
reprieve during the negotiations, that
doesn't necessarily mean that zero
military action would be taking place
over that ten day period.
Right.
So I think that's what you're seeing out
of that report from The Wall Street
Journal.
Obviously, again, you do have that idea
of these these conflicting reports
within how exactly these negotiations
are going to take place, what that
ultimately means for, you know, further
action within the region.
You know, could it be that maybe there's
no strikes on energy sites, but you
continue to see other types of
airstrikes that are happening in the
region and all of that ultimately just
comes to the bottom line that the Strait
of Hormuz still doesn't feel secure, is
not fully open, and you're still dealing
with massive restrictions on oil supply,
energy security around the world.
I mean, we hear more and more every day
it feels about various energy austerity
measures in Asia in particular, and how
deeply that's been impacted.
And our own research from our colleagues
at Bloomberg Intelligence and Bloomberg
Economics shows that even if the World
War Two end today, we've already seen
substantial economic shocks that have
played out throughout the world.
And so, I mean, you're still kind of,
you know, dealing with that.
I think we've actually got some economic
data coming up next week that may show
it's a little bit more in terms of how
it's starting to play into the inflation
calculus for certain economies.
But I mean, ultimately, the world has
already been damaged in many ways and
it's still unclear how long that's going
to continue.
Yeah, absolutely.
All right, Jill, thanks so much for
joining us.
That was at Bloomberg News Desk.
Managing editor Jill DAX is there.
And let's bring in our managing editor
for Asia Equities.
That's landing, too, in Singapore and
landing.
Jill just laid it out there really
perfectly for us.
But talking about how even if the war
would end immediately, the shocks are
still here and they're still going to be
reverberating around all through the
economy.
So how long then?
I mean, it seems like caution in markets
is is certainly set to be the tone for
for quite a while now.
Yeah, definitely.
The market reprieve that we saw this
morning after Trump announced the second
pause, it's much more muted than what we
saw on Monday when Trump first came out
to talk about an extension in deadline.
And that really means that people are
sort of looking beyond the rhetorics and
looking for something a little bit more
concrete.
They want to see the concrete
negotiation details and also the plan to
reopen the Strait of Hormuz, and that is
really not coming through.
And as a result, people are really
turning to cash holdings.
So according to Bofa's latest survey,
cash holdings at fund managers jumped
the most in six years this month.
And if Jp morgan came out to say that
this shift in positioning will continue
just because relative to historical
holdings of cash right now we're still
at a low level.
That means there is a further sort of
selling in equities and bonds to go.
And just to give you some numbers, right
now, Cash Holdings is around 4.3% of the
overall allocation for fund managers.
And during the 2020 to Ukraine war, that
number is much higher.
It's at about 5.6%.
Yeah.
I'm Bell.
You know, we were talking about the
whole terrible quants.
Sort of what this means for the whole
memory chip space.
The breakthrough.
I like how you said it, right.
It's basically using less with more and
more with less, more, more with less.
Sorry.
One with less.
You're doing more with less.
That's this the whole question, because
we've spoken about this before, this
this sort of concept around how how
Chinese lives for instance, like DC grew
able to do more with less.
But this is a bit of a different concept
in the sense that whatever quant know,
what the algorithm can do essentially is
is cut the amount of memory that's
required to train or run large language
models, and they're talking it by a
factor of six.
So this is actually a technology that
came out last year, but it's only been
publicized this week.
And it's interesting because we've seen
very sharp sell off in the memory names
in particular that started yesterday,
but it's really extending into the
session.
How are you looking at from the equity
angle?
I mean, this has always been the picks
and shovels has been you know, Asia has
definitely benefited, particularly how
Korea, how Taiwan has performed.
Could this really derail that sort of
trend now?
Yeah, I think a lot of calculation is
still being done by analysts about the
first reaction that we saw from analysts
is that they think demand for memory
chips is still extremely tight.
So this kind of new technology, which
may lead to some reduction in memory
chip demand, will actually not
immediately hurt the demand.
But I think the market reaction is
really telling us that these bets on
memory chips globally and not just those
in South Korea, but, you know, in in the
US and Micron is actually really
concentrated.
And because that trade has been one of
the best performing trades in the past a
year.
So that's why we're seeing the kind of
very drastic market reaction.
And specifically around S.K.
Hancock's and Samsung, there have been
leveraged ETFs listed in Hong Kong
around these two names.
So there is basically more risk and sort
of more momentum involved in trading
these two names just because for a
rebalancing of these leveraged ETFs, at
the end of the day, if the stock was
down during the day trading session,
there is going to be further selling in
futures and other options related to
these stocks at the end of the day.
So that could exacerbate whatever we saw
during the trading day.
That's why we're seeing a very huge
reaction right now during some around
some Korean names
lending.
Thank you lending to there are managing
editor for Asia equities joining us out
of Singapore this morning.
Yeah apart from just the whole sort of
Iran situation, I mean we still have to
deal with a lot of earnings.
And exclusive interview is coming up on
the China show.
The CEOs of pony eye we ride and
Henderson will speak to us to talk about
their results.
Plus, the head of Christie's joins us,
APAC ahead as they mark their 40th
anniversary in the region.
Their.
Welcome back to the China show.
Yeah, lots of earnings to wrap up here
this week.
Of course, there's been some around the
May Taiwan story.
Actually, it was actually better than
feared in some aspects here as though as
I maybe we're seeing Citi raise that
stock to a buy with a price target of
110.
Now, meanwhile, we did see that slump in
Tony shares overnight with the 80 hours
that is rated a new neutral at BNP
Paribas.
And we're talking robotics a lot here
today as well.
Horizon Robotics, that's already at a
new neutral there from BNP also.
Yeah, lots and lots of earnings on tap.
And as you said, it's that Robotaxi
theme because we've got Pony Eye we ride
that it reported this week and robot
since we're about to show you CEO as
well and they're one of the big lead
suppliers to these names but let's get
back to May one because as we said, its
reported its second straight quarterly
loss as the price wars continue to bite.
Its losses narrowed, though, in the
three months period as revenue growth
accelerated.
Bloomberg Intelligence says the
company's profit rebound remains at risk
from AI rivalry.
Our senior analyst Kathryn Lim is with
us.
So.
Yeah, as Yvonne, Yvonne said, the
numbers were maybe not as bad as feared,
but what did we learn from May one about
how it's assessing the competitive
landscape, essentially?
Right.
Firstly, we're going to see the third
straight quarter because they've also
highlighted that, you know, the first
quarter of this year, they're going to
still be in losses.
And I think the indications are going to
be the same.
It's going to be better, you know,
sequentially on a competitive landscape.
What was interesting was that, you know,
there was a question raised on doping
itself and they did actually conquer
that rivalry from doing and this is
content discovery is actually
intensifying.
And they actually felt the pressure.
And if you've actually combine that with
what we are seeing from Alibaba using AI
and incorporating that into ecosystem,
you've got to really then understand the
kind of pressure that May 20 is actually
facing and why specifically yesterday
they actually spent more time on what
they're going to do on the air front.
And that still continues to be a focus
for the company.
Yeah, I mean, maybe I can combine two
questions, right?
How much does A.I.
matter now in this competition and how
does it going to impact the earnings?
Right.
Do you think they can still recover
profits this year?
Right.
You know, I think it is out there with
what we have heard in the last one week
itself is going to be a new gateway for
traffic and meet one has to actually get
into that game, you know whether it is
ACL one or shall make, you know
assistant etc..
That's the way that you know they're
going to try and actually keep and draw
continue to actually retain the traffic
that they already had.
So I think, you know, going forward, you
know, this is now the new way of
actually ordering, you know, via all our
systems, etc..
They're going to recommend, you know, or
the best use that's actually out there.
And, you know, we're going to see the
company investing.
And the key question really is that as
they invest, how is that going to
actually impact, you know, their profits
to returns, no doubt about then turning
back into profits this year?
Now, the question is, do you know just
how much more profits are they going to
get this year?
Yeah, I think I do need to assistant
when I order on on food delivery.
I guess there's just too many choices.
I mean, I need someone to help, you
know, just filter through for me.
You get decision paralysis.
I do.
I have to wait sometimes at restaurants
for the waiter to come before I'm like,
okay, I'm going to make a decision.
That kind of decision.
We love that.
We need help.
I mean, give me an assistant now.
All right.
Carolyn there, Bloomberg intelligence,
senior analyst.
You've been talking to robots and still
talking about human robots to my life.
No, this is a this is a great interview
because the robot senses it's a it's a
major light hour maker.
And and it's seen consecutive quarters
of losses since its founding,
essentially.
But it's just posted its first quarterly
profit.
And that's down to the strength of its
new digital light technology.
So the company is looking at more growth
and that's as it ramps up.
As you said, that expansion in the
robotics business.
I spoke to its CEO and executive
director Matt Chu, about those
innovations.
He is Hugh's syllabus and is similar to
the film camera to the digital camera.
So under this strong architecture, the
lighthouse performers can get a great
sleep.
So you'll know under the traditional
architecture and the architecture.
So let's loosen of the light to
basically linger at 64 to 128 channel.
And under the digital architecture, it
can be easily
2000 channel and simultaneously the
costs have the emperor advantage.
Let's talk about where most lie doors
are being used still, and that's for
ADAS or Advanced Driver Assistance
Systems, most of yours as well, going
into the domestic market in China.
What are the competitive pressures that
you've seen that?
First of all, let's talk about the as
you go down this issue and that the car
ISP is not the best things actually, and
but rather the result of our efforts.
Our goal is to make lighter more
affordable so continuously innovation so
that it can become as ubiquitous as
camera.
So the reason for the previous sharp job
being ASP is that over the past decades
also we have been fully committed to
launching new architecture to improve
performance and reduce costs.
So we invest heavily in R&D for new
platform architecture almost every year,
continuously driving down costs through
technological improvement.
So the result is out, has been
successful, must produce more automotive
application.
The penetration rate is continuously
rising, but as the architecture has now
converged and no major transformation
occurred.
In addition, almost all the subsystem
has been chipset integrated.
Therefore, for mature application, I do
not expect a sharp drop in prices.
What is the size of the discount that
you're prepared to offer, do you think,
for your ADAS products?
I can tell you yes.
That is not a sharp drop and maybe like
10% or 20% and is not like a magnitude
your dot rubber since is working on it
on a range of different robotic
solutions.
Some of this includes with with hands.
Some of this includes with cameras, the
sort of eyes of the robots as well.
But which products are you most excited
about?
I think we're looking for our next
version of our Aptiv camera that will be
launched at the end of this year, and I
think in the next 3 to 5 years it will
become a last category that can compare
on more than the laptop category.
And what's so important about active
cameras with the camera is you need to
have a very high resolution and accuracy
detection capability.
Also, you can work the whole day, no
matter the night and day.
So you are planning to go into mass
production for the active camera toward
the end of this year.
What's what's the sort of the production
target that you have?
So for this year, I don't put a log out
and anticipate that for our revenue, but
I think next year it will be a service.
And that was the CEO and executive
director of Robo Sounds, Marc Chu,
speaking exclusively, of course, with
Bell Coming up in just a few moments,
our exclusive and conversations with the
heads of AI rewrite and Henderson land
out of they reported earnings those
interviews happening at a Times on your
screen.
This is Bloomberg.
So start to watch a little bit.
We teased it just a bit.
But look at pony.
We are tumbling some 11% in the
premarket here right now on the back of,
of course, those earnings.
They did break even for the fourth
quarter, but it was mostly due to some
of these investment gains rather than
its main robotaxi business.
So we are seeing the stock take a
massive hit here this morning.
We're also watching the likes of an
event, Jiangsu copper ping on insurance,
which all did report as well.
But we all are still seeing a downdraft
here when it comes to that.
It could be just overall just a down day
given what we've been seeing overall
with Iran situation.
But take a look at when it comes to
Meituan.
That certainly was one.
It was less than, you know, less bad,
you could say.
They do expect losses to narrow, of
course, as this food fight continues and
we're starting to at least see more
signs.
The regulators are getting a little bit
more anxious about it, but we're still
seeing the shares down about 6/10 of 1%.
City did raise the stock to a buy, but
yes, right now will continue to see
downside there.
And we'll have to talk about Pop Mart.
Right.
So it was a pretty, you know, bad week
this week when it came to the earnings
side of things.
They did announce a buyback.
So they're buying back shares worth
close to 600 million HKD there.
It seems to be offsetting a little bit
of a slide this morning that we saw this
week.
We're up about 1.5%.
The open is next.
This is Bloomberg.
In the US.
The increase in energy prices today
should have a relatively modest effect
on inflation, though consumers are
seeing higher prices, higher gas prices
and now an extended bout of LNB.
The energy prices could put upward
pressure, upward price pressure on a
variety of other products.
I see the balance risks as being largely
unmet
in balance, but I would argue that the
inflation risk is greater right now as a
as a result of the Iraq war.
The balance of risk has shifted more to
inflation with respect to the labour
market.
I see it as being in balance, but are
curiously so.
Yeah.
Festival officials there from Phillip
Jefferson all the way to Lisa Cook
speaking separately about the impact of
the Iran war on inflation and the
balance of risk, they say I've certainly
shifted more in favor of inflation and
trying to tame it, given the energy
shocks we've seen.
We're getting closer to the end of the
month here and 50% gains already when it
comes to Brent.
So what does the Fed do?
Right.
I think Stanchart had a really good sort
of a report here saying that, you know,
FOMC, Powell allies are going to
aggressively do nothing because the
strong case for them to remain flat
until it knows whether stag or inflation
dominates this as we kind of look at
what the Iran situation is heading into
the weekend where we have extended that
deadline.
President Trump, I say, which is 8 to 10
days.
So, you know, does that mean that
there's more time here to to get it to a
deal or are we just prolonging the
uncertainty?
Seems like it's more of the latter here
this morning.
You talk about how risk are doing and
risk assets are doing.
Stocks are lower by about 8/10 of 1%,
the CSI 300.
It's interesting, too, with Mizuho as
John Darby coming out with to say, look,
he's still modestly bullish when it
comes to stocks in China as well, just
given the fact that, you know, the safe
haven sort of status has as remain when
it comes to China and likely they say
the CSI 300 did hit a bottom in 2024.
But then again, it is a down arrow story
across the board here today in Asia,
watching some of the chip space as well,
just given some of the Google
breakthroughs that we saw that did roil
a lot of memory chip makers there in
South Korea this morning.
We're seeing Cabochon Tech following
suit here and down some 1%.
You know, Shanghai crude continues to be
elevated.
We're up about another 1% here as well.
As we hover around that 100, we're
getting closer to 1/10 at 100.
I just a few hours ago when it comes to
oil prices and we're watching very
closely, ping on insurance also came out
with some earnings as well as of the
borders.
And take a look at how Hong Kong is
doing.
Plenty of earnings to digest when you
check whether you talk about pony I may
Taiwan as well seems to be a bit more of
the standout here the spectre losses to
narrow as China does work to end this
food price war a food delivery price war
and you are seeing may Taiwan actually
seeing a rise of shares 6/10 of 1%.
Citi also just raise that stock to a
buy.
Alibaba is also doing well.
Maybe this is a sign that the worst is
behind us when it comes to the food
delivery competition.
I watched JD shares, of course, but you
were still seeing Tencent lower by about
three quarters of 1%.
But relatively speaking, it tech is is
actually catching a bit here this
morning.
And we're watching the property space
Hunters online also did report some
earnings there as well one of the first
Hong Kong developers to really talk
about the Iran situation as to why they
cut the dividend by 30%.
The stock is down some 1% here.
We'll talk a bit more with the CFO,
Andrew Fung, in the next hour as well.
Take a look at other sectors here.
Oil stocks certainly in focus here
today.
It is a daily reoccurrence.
We take a look at this, given the
volatility that we've seen in prices,
mostly to the downside here today.
We've see leading the charge were down
about 1%.
Given the fact that maybe there is some
relief energy markets, if we have
another ten days before that deadline
from President Trump.
But then again, there's again, we're
still digesting whether the situation is
easing or actually escalating.
When the Journal was reporting about how
President Trump is readying 10,000
airborne troops as well, take a look.
When it comes to seen, a profit also
drops as well.
So that might be a contributor to the
moves that we're seeing right now as
well.
The chip stock story is interesting
given this this paper that Google sent
out that talking about, you know,
they're using less memory for their AI
algorithms.
And certainly that did roil what we're
seeing in the memory chip space across
the region here.
And we're seeing pretty substantial
moves here to the downside of some of
these memory names in China.
And let's take a look at when it comes
to earnings.
So Pony Eye, we did see those ADR tumble
overnight.
So they did break even for the fourth
quarter, but did still fall short of
estimates here.
A lot of it was due to the investment
gains, more so than what they're seeing
the May robotic robotaxi business.
So there you go.
We're seeing the shares down 12% right
now.
It even came through here with some
pretty good earnings.
We've been talking about weight loss
drugs.
And certainly the generic sort of side
of things is really going to help in
terms of the profitability issues there
or whatever.
That's the situation.
January copper is also slightly lower
here today.
We're flat when it comes to paying on
insurance.
Yeah, lots and lots of earnings on tap.
But let's get into pony because it is
the one that's really standing out there
to the downside.
Joining us exclusively from Shenzhen is
James Pang.
He's the CEO of that business.
So, James, we saw that reaction already
in ADAS, but it's translating across to
Hong Kong this morning.
Does it surprise you at all that the
investor response to your results?
Yeah, well, the stock always does what
it does, right?
For, for us, I actually, I consider our
Q4 and 2024 to be actually the results
to be amazing, especially our Robotaxi
business actually rose
almost like five fold.
So
I, I think stock will performance will
be.
Charles it and what we should do is to
focus really on our business, especially
when it comes to our generation.
Seven Robotaxis is actually a lot of our
partners tried it and they really
enjoyed it.
So they are actually want it to be into
many more series and many markets
globally.
In terms of our performance in China
itself, actually, especially in the
center and the Guangdong where we hit
the U.S.
breakeven and our services is actually
running 24 seven and we wrote and
enjoyed very much by the local resident.
So short, I think we'll just focus on
our business and I think the stock will
do well and investors will reward us by
our performance.
Yeah, let's talk about that.
You know, economic break even that you
had in both those cities, Gwangju and
Shenzhen.
Where else do you expect that to happen
this year?
What's your target?
Well, I think the we're we're getting
into other markets.
Traditionally, we were focusing on the
Tier one series.
The reason is really we want to really
make a good blueprint for us to move
into art, to replicate the results into
other cities.
We're now already signed the deal with
Holmdel and Tong Shire, where we will
going very soon and we're talking to
other cities as well.
I think once those cities have the fully
driverless fleet on the road and
expanding into, say, the size of
hundreds, what we'll see probably you'll
break even in those markets as well.
So to be clear, the cities that you're
expanding into this year in mainland
China, you think you can reach unit
economic break even in those ones as
well,
even if not this year.
It should be very slow earlier next
year.
Mm hmm.
So does that mean you're getting more
clarity on just the path of
profitability overall?
What sort of clarity are you getting now
for for 2026 in terms of the momentum
that you're building from the last
quarter?
Yeah, I think certainly we have much
better clarity than last year on the
production side.
We continue working with Beijing Auto
and Gondo Auto to produce more vehicles.
And on top of that, we worked with
Toyota to have the four X based Gen
seven ROBOTAXIS it actually Salpeter in
February.
So that means on the production side,
now we have the capacity to produce more
vehicles.
And on the deployment side, as I already
mentioned, we besides the fourth Tier
one cities, we are launching Hong Kong
Inc's other cities in the Greater Bay
Area.
Besides this, of course, we're also
expanding quite aggressively globally,
mainly actually driven by the demand and
assisted esim from our partners.
So definitely we'll see both from the
supply and demand side, we see the
surging
demand.
This also I think this year's growth
will be accelerated.
How are you characterizing the
competitive landscape here right now,
James, not just among some of the
Chinese rivals that you have, but also
when it comes to U.S.
players like Waymo, They've just
announced that they're going to be
launching in cities like London, for
example, as well.
No, I think in general, there's more
players coming with our with existing
giants like Waymo.
It shows that
there's more players actually value the
potential for Robotaxi services.
So in general, I think the more players,
the more resource and capital pour into
the industry will actually all
essentially generate the demand from the
user side.
This is such a nascent industry.
I think it's brand awareness.
The industry awareness is important.
So it's all I think it's such a huge
market that for us we're not really
focusing on the competition.
We're really focused on pushing the
boundaries and really accelerate because
there's hundreds of thousands, hundreds
of millions of vehicles on the road and
we are where it's doing the thousands.
So so we're still really dropping the
bucket.
I'm curious about your plans around the
Middle East in particular, because
the Bloomberg intelligence team, for
instance, would would look at at, you
know, your peers in that market, for
instance, we ride.
That's been a bit more aggressive on
that front.
Do you think that in terms of that path
to profitability, whether you've had
enough focus on overseas markets as as
one to to actually better generate
better revenue generate is rather for
you
know, we actually have a healthy portion
of our revenue coming from overseas
market in terms of Middle East.
It remains to be one of our high
priority priority focus.
For example, in Dubai, we actually from
the from our team, I, I heard that we
will very soon, in a matter of days will
be able to get the approval to have the
fully driverless commercial application,
our deployment.
And in the Doha, we actually worked with
some of us L.A.
to launch the commercial driverless
applications.
So so although there's
a little pause due to the regional
conflict, but
we actually resumed and I think the
prospects of our prospects for engaging
with the Middle East remains to be
strong.
Yeah.
And for your your expansion plans in
2026, you're still expecting, you know,
to expand in 20 more 20 cities worldwide
this year, your global fleet.
You want to expand it to 3000.
In terms of your your outlook for when
it comes to overseas revenue, when do
you expect that to actually surpass your
revenue from domestic markets?
Well, domestic is still still.
Our focus.
I think the because the market itself is
huge, the demand is strong.
The regulatory framework it is is
actually relatively supportive.
So
we will definitely focus as a focus in
the China market of
Remain on our Tier one series and the
carrying into more and more Tier two
cities.
But at the same time as as you
mentioned, as I already mentioned, we're
definitely eye on the global markets and
it will be a healthy portion of our
total revenue, although the exact
percentage is hard to predict
right now.
But we'll have more numbers probably in
a few quarters.
James, thanks for the time there.
James Peng, CEO of Pony Eye.
And coming up, we'll be digging into, of
course, the outlook and earnings of
others in the industry as well,
Freeride.
Its founder and CEO joins us exclusively
next.
This is Bloomberg.
Well, we ride is flying to buy a bag,
00 million worth of shares over the
next 12 months.
After reporting a narrowing of fourth
quarter losses.
We're seeing the stock up this morning
some 3%.
Yeah.
Let's get more on the outlook now.
Joining us exclusively from San Jose,
California is Tony Han, its founder and
CEO.
So, Tony, yeah, that was sort of one of
the key takeaways, the share buyback
from the results.
What's what was the most important
takeaway or thesis that you wanted to
communicate to investors out of the
numbers?
Well, we just have our annual report and
we have our relative revenue of $95.9
million dollar and it is up by 90% year
over year.
Our first quarter last quarter, we saw
revenue of 44.9 million USD, up 123%.
And our full year gross profit was 29.2
million.
With all these numbers, and I think we
are very optimistic with the future and
therefore I think our stock price is
kind of heavily undervalued to send a
strong signal to the capital market.
We just announced the 100 million USD
per share purchase back plan and we have
already executed and I think the market
responded to very positively and we are
very confident with our current
expansion plan and with our current
technology progress and our cost cost.
So our past profit and profitability so
very clear.
So we announced then.
So, Tony, let's just talk about then the
share price, because you're saying that
it's heavily undervalued right now.
So the US listing trading around 7.60,
the Hong Kong one around 20 HKD a share.
What do you actually think is a fair
value and what should your stock be
trading at?
Do you think you know?
You know, I think it's up to the market.
I love I love the beauty of the market
and the I just want to let the market do
decide what price should is a square
price.
But I want to share some numbers with
you guys.
So far, we like has been doing our
operation and in 40 or 40 cities across
12 countries recently, we just expand to
Slovakia and you know, our we actually
won all three times in a role for the
urban intelligent.
The driving challenge in China that is
historical never happened before.
The last the last, last best score was
actually by a while they won two times.
We won three times just like three days
ago.
And with all these numbers compared to,
you know, there's a ballpark number and
we always want to mention we will.
We will is doing great job.
And it's a leading company upon the
driving industry.
Look at their valuation.
And we Ryan is probably 130 someone 40
years off their valuation.
I think that's not a fair valuation.
And with our current operation in Dubai,
Abu Dhabi, and we are going to and we
are and we will soon have a lot of very
exciting news to announce.
And I think we are heavily undervalued.
I'm just reading this note from BNP
Paribas that just rated your ADR to buy,
and they mentioned the fact that you
have these strategic permits.
You have a very asset light sort of
partnerships here, gives you a better
advantage in terms of achieving that a
per vehicle profitability.
Can you tell us a bit more what the path
of profitability looks like to you now?
Is it more clear to you?
Sure, Yeah, it's more clear and clear to
invest here because this year we have
ballpark numbers like us through some
internal statistics as over.
You know, we have every rights was
relative relative to average loans and
how much we can earn.
And I think it's very clear.
And the thing is, I don't want to reveal
the details because this is still under
internal discussion statistics.
There are some errors.
There's also some mistakes here and even
some a small a small number, as what I
want are very complete statistics.
But still, you know, if you look at the
unity economy, economics, and I think
that you need economics in in UAE, in
Saudi is really good.
And although the regulatory hurdles are
kind of remote, we have already got the
drivers from made scheme in UAE and we
are going to get draw from between Saudi
and the.
So all of this already.
And what we need to do is to gradually
increase our drivers.
Reserve Robotaxi today I want to
emphasize you want if you want to hire a
real driver, Israel would have seen no
matter how many people saying we are
doing demonstrated, we will do this, do
that.
But today if you just want to help our
priorities robotaxi outside of the U.S.,
China and the only available places in
Abu Dhabi through over and creating
rewrites of all robotaxi
for this coming year, what is the most
important market that you're going to be
priority?
Rising then internationally?
Is it is it Europe or is it the Middle
East?
I think it is.
Is this dynamic.
You know, we all hold this regional
conflict, a real civil war.
And so now we are exciting to hearing
news like President Trump will visit
China like,
you know, not the exact age is still to
be desired, although, you know, central
China's central government hasn't
announced yet.
But we look forward to this visit.
And I think the regional conflict will
end soon, we hope.
And while these are all dynamic, if not
the operator and the regional conflict
keep on going.
We probably shift our emphasis on Europe
little bit more.
If not, we will still keep our kind of
leading position in in UAE and and the
Saudi and again, I want to emphasize, we
put a of efforts, even this very in this
difficult time, we still keep control of
operation ongoing and we still have
revenue and to build up a strong
relationship with parliament.
Tony, great to have you with us this
morning.
That was Tony Hahn, the founder and CEO
of We Ride.
And yeah, really big earning focus in
the show today because we're going to
continue the the emphasis on results In
the next hour we're going to be joined
by the CFO of Henderson Land.
That's with a recovery in the Hong Kong
property sector, a seemingly underway
this year.
But also coming up, our exclusive
interview with the Christie CEO.
Plus, Paychex will be with us to talk
ETFs and the outlook as well.
So lots more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back.
Some top stories that we're following
for you today.
Cathay Pacific has increased its fuel
surcharges for the second time in many
weeks, raising them by 34% across all
types of tickets.
The company also ramped up its fuel levy
reviews to bi weekly.
Now, this means airfares could go even
higher as oil prices continue to remain
volatile.
Cathay has warned it would not be able
to sustain its scale of flight
operations without adjustments.
Three Australian plants that provide
about 8% of the world's liquefied
natural gas are said to have their
output curved.
That's after a cyclone churned through
Western Australia earlier this week.
Companies impacted are said to include
Woodside and Chevron.
The disruption is a blow to buyers
reeling already from the halt of
shipments from Qatar.
Taking a look at how markets are faring,
because we are heading through the
morning session today in Korea.
But just taking a look at some of these
players, because the story is very much
around the memory space.
It has been this development we've had
this week.
It was actually released last year but
has just been publicized by Google.
It relates to the turbo coupon
algorithm.
It's quite a lot of details in that.
But the big question that comes out of
it is how much memory is actually needed
to run large language models.
They're saying with their technology
they can cut it by a factor of six.
Does that mean less demand for the likes
of IBM from names like Samsung, S.K.
Hynix?
Investors are really responding to that
today.
It's interesting as well how it's
translating into the Chinese semi space
this morning because again, you're
seeing some of these related names that
are mostly under pressure here.
You can see, as am I see the sort of
standout just trading flat.
But we'll have lots more of the market
moves today.
How investors are also thinking about
the developments in Iran.
More ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back to the China show.
Here's a look at just a half hour into
the session.
And we are continuing a second day of
losses here when it comes to global
equities.
And as we start to see this energy, you
know, sort of story continue to roil
here, of course, there is extension that
President Trump did announce there
another ten days.
But, you know, it seems like this
conflict is just dragging on.
And so that's why you are seeing stocks
heading lower here this morning.
You are seeing some pronounced moves in
Hong Kong when it came to some of these
earnings, in particular when it comes to
pony eye, certainly that's been one
thing to watch here in the tech space.
And the memory side of things is kind of
where the pain is really being felt
today Bill.
Yeah, absolutely.
It's it's really sort of I would say the
top thing for investors in in at least
North Asia to be tracking today, I do
think what else is really telling is
just the trading volumes that we've got
because I'm just checking those and
we're really well off the 20 day moving
averages for every single market,
essentially.
And that kind of tells you that
investors are just unsure where the
conflict in Iran proceeds from here,
given you've got President Trump is sort
of keeping these negotiations down the
road for another ten days, and where
does that leave traders in the meantime?
As you said, that that big pain is being
felt in the memory chip story In
particular, you can see the cost base
standing out to the downside for a
second straight session.
And that is after we had this release of
Google of some new technology that can
possibly cut the amount of memory, space
or memory that's needed to to train
large language models.
And so that has a bearing on on names
like SK, Hynix and Samsung.
Let's take a look at what's happening in
the oil space as well, because we have
actually seen oil retreating as we had
Trump pushing back that timeline for
these Iran energy strikes.
So more time for talks.
And then off the back of that, we had
Brent crude dropping that you can see
around that 05 a barrel mark.
But we're seeing metals again
fluctuating.
But the story is, well, what's happening
in the space.
So we have seen moves, of course, in the
dollar.
We're looking at really the best month
for the dollar since July.
So it's been that big play back into the
dollar is the ultimate safe haven we've
seen throughout this conflict so far,
fairly steady against some of its major
peers in the region today.
And bonds, because we've had a lot of
Fed commentary.
And this has been really interesting
just how Fed officials are really
thinking about all of this action in the
Middle East.
And it seems like their their concern
has certainly shifted again over the
fallout from this.
Lots of concern around the inflation
outlook versus the employment market.
So you are just seeing lots of moves.
More notable really, we've seen in the
short end of the curve, I think at least
three Fed officials have spoken
overnight about how the balance of risks
has certainly changed now.
I think now even the likes of Lisa Cook
says I'm more worried about inflation
than I am of of the labor market.
So does that mean the Fed really has to
stay put for the rest of this year?
You know, certainly that discussion
comes back here.
Stanchart does come out with a report
saying, look, the Fed has to
aggressively do nothing because they
have to deal with these stagflation
concerns.
Now, let's bring in LANTING to again our
managing editor for Asia Equities.
She joins us from Singapore.
Yeah, as we look into the weekend,
obviously, you know, we're still trying
to decipher whether this Iran situation
is escalating or de-escalating right
now.
Landing is interesting, but energy
markets have calmed down, but equity
markets still continue to be taking a
big hit.
Yeah, exactly.
One thing we're seeing playing out today
and yesterday was this really the memory
chip crisis you guys mentioned about the
Google News?
So Asia as a whole has already been sold
off a lot more this month relative to
the US and Europe just because of its
heavy reliance to Middle Eastern energy.
And now people have one more thing to
grapple with, which is this negative
news on memory chips and Asia.
Overall, I think the outflow must today
it has already hit $52 billion out of
Asia equities and that's a record and
surpassed already the
previous record, which was seen in March
2020 during COVID.
So with this memory chip sort of, you
know, issue that people have to grapple
with right now, it means Asia's
underperformance is likely to continue.
And today, we see some analysts talking
about how they're seeing some
indiscriminate selling going on around
that space.
And remember, that was the bright space
for Asia, right, that underpinned Asia's
outperformance in the past a year or so
over US and Asia.
That's why Asia was positioned very
favorably in this trade.
So if that edge goes away, the Asia
story would really turn sour.
How do we also need to think about the
economic fallout from the energy shock
here as well?
We've still got oil that's elevated and
Romans making the point in the last hour
that 00 oil around that point could be
sustained for quite a long time.
Yeah, I think one thing that is getting
a bit interesting is the impact on
China, because, you know, everywhere
else, people are talking about a
negative picture, economic shock.
But in China, the kind of positive
energy price shock is considered a good
thing.
More and more people, including market
watchers and economists, are talking
about a potential reflationary
environment for China.
And, you know, we're talking about China
being stuck in this disinflationary
environment since 2022.
So any kind of shock to the price
increase would be a good would be good
news for corporate profit for company
outlook.
And we're already seeing some chemical
producers in China raising prices
because of rising raw material costs.
One caveat, though, is that this is
going to be more cost driven inflation,
and that's probably not the best kind of
inflation that China would want to see.
That could also mean consumers are
feeling the pain of the energy costs and
they may have to spend less on other
products.
That would mean that companies actually
may face a hard time raising prices.
But net net so far, I think our hopes
are higher that China may actually
benefit from this higher oil prices.
Yeah, the sort of reflation trade, right
after so many years of disappointment,
we might actually get it because of this
energy shock.
The ending that's certainly very
interesting in terms of the earnings
side of things.
And China, I think the tech space
overall has been slightly disappointing.
You know, what's your take overall the
earnings picture in China?
Yeah, I would say for those that are
listed in Hong Kong, so far, we are
seeing a very, very weak earnings
results.
Just because, you know, a lot of focus
is around a around the kind of spending
around anti influenza evolution impact.
So we saw Tencent, Alibaba last week
both got punished by investors for
various reasons because they haven't
really provided their vision for how to
use and monetize open cloud related
technology.
And we saw yesterday quite so, again,
getting punished too, because the
revenue growth was not good and AI
spending was considered high.
And I think a meituan last night was
considered sort of not as bad as feared.
So just a slew of sort of negative news
or at least negative investor reactions
to what we saw.
And today, of course, we'll see.
We'll see how that goes.
That seems to be more favorably
positioned so far.
Okay mounting.
Thank you.
Will went into there a Bloomberg
managing editor for Asia equities.
I think B is one of the standouts here.
The only stock really that's doing quite
well here in the face of all this bad
news lending to joining us from
Singapore.
Let's get the latest.
When it comes to Iran, President Trump
is extending his deadline for Iran to
strike a deal with the U.S..
Or face more attacks.
So he's given Tehran ten more days.
Offering a brief calm to global energy
markets.
I gave them a ten day period.
They asked for seven.
You're going to say, Oh, Trump's a
terrible negotiator.
They asked for seven.
And I said, I'm going to give you ten
because they gave me ships.
We talked about the eight ships.
You know, the president that I talked
about the other day.
But they asked for seven and they gave
them ten.
You got ten days.
And they were very thankful about that.
Meanwhile, the Wall Street Journal is
reporting that the US is weighing
sending another 10,000 ground troops to
the Middle East.
Let's bring in Horizon's Middle East and
Africa anchor Jomana Sheehan in Dubai.
So, Jomana, talk to us about the
significance of this deadline being
extended.
And and is this a chance, do you think,
for for the for the U.S.
and Iran, too, to come any closer in
terms of negotiations?
Because we've really seen very
conflicting views and and readouts being
shared so far and headlines as well.
There's just been a flurry of headlines
over the last 24 hours.
And I will just say before President
Trump put out that through social post,
he was in a cabinet meeting a few hours
before and he was asked about that five
day deadline, which was due to expire
today.
And he said, who knows, One day in
Trumpland is forever.
So a few hours before, he hadn't
indicated that there was any notion of
extending this deadline by ten days.
And market observers observed that it
did come after Wall Street had its worst
polls in over a month anyway.
But where we are today now is that
deadline for the Department of Defense
to potentially attack Iranian
infrastructure and power plants has been
pushed back until Monday, April the
sixth.
And that essentially buys time on both
sides.
Now, he says that it came at Iran's
request.
And from what we understand and from a
Wall Street Journal reporting that
emerged a few hours later, Iran never
made such a request.
At least that's what they are claiming.
So once again, we are in an environment
of competing narratives here.
But I will say in terms of imminent
escalation, once again, the risk has
been pushed out.
But does it actually mean that these
diplomatic discussions are going to
yield anything?
Unlikely at this point, because the two
sides are still very far apart in their
starting positions.
And you know what?
What shall we look at as we head into
the weekend now?
So there are two things happening here.
This one, the push on the diplomatic
side of things, which as we know, we're
hearing competing narratives, as I just
said, different starting points in terms
of the discussions.
Iran are still trying to maintain
sovereignty and control over the Strait
of Hormuz and don't seem to be willing
to let that up.
And so the other angle you need to look
at is what is happening on the ground.
And you referenced earlier another Wall
Street Journal report that site that
another 10,000 troops are being deployed
to the region.
And we know that one of the Marine
Expeditionary units should be arriving
in the next couple of days.
That's a couple of thousand of troops
alongside some more aircraft carriers,
some of the amphibious vessels.
So we'll see where exactly they do get
deployed, what the strategy is there.
Iran has warned that if the U.S.
tries to take over any, quote unquote,
Iranian controlled islands with the
assistance of Gulf states, that they
would not hold back it retaliating
against, said the Gulf states.
We are once again heading into a crucial
weekend, and there is a lot of scrutiny
over where exactly these ground troops
are going to be deployed.
All right, Jamal, I think if you want to
process you, there are Horizons.
Middle East and Africa anchor joining us
out of Dubai.
Coming up, our exclusive interview with
Patterson, Lance CFO, after the reported
earnings earlier this week.
And yeah, maybe tell us why they mention
about the geopolitical uncertainties
when it comes to Iran as to the
reasoning of why they trimmed that
dividend.
Andrew Funk from Henderson Land joins us
next.
This is Bloomberg.
Well, it's been a very big busy week for
for China earnings this.
Over the past few sessions and one of
those names of course, has been
Henderson Land.
And we're watching these shares this
morning because they're a little bit
off.
But but the main takeaway really was
that they reported underlying profit for
the full year.
That missed the average analyst estimate
and a lot of focus as well coming down
to the dividend because they actually
cut that and citing new all the macro
uncertainties essentially when they ran.
Well, let's bring in the CFO Andrew
Phone joining us exclusively now.
I'm sure he was the man that made that
decision.
I think you're one of the first Hong
Kong developers out there that that
explicitly said that you're a kind of
dividend because of the situation in
Iran.
Tell us the rationale behind it.
Well, first, I must say that the
dividend policy was anticipated by some
analysts before we announced the result
already.
So our movement share Mt.
Wolfram is more or less in line with our
peers.
Actually, first, we have not cut our
dividend when our peers cut dividend in
2023 and 24.
So we hold on for for the longest time
compared to our peers and also last year
because there's two less to one of gain
less.
So people is aware that there's no land
resumption in 24 occasions.
We have land resumption in 24, but 25
days, no, then we resumption from the
government.
So there's no extra item for us to land
resumption and to second, we we saw our
investment property in 24, which we have
not done that in 25.
So actually some analysts anticipate and
also as you mentioned,
the decision is a make into bullet, not
myself at edges just ahead of the very,
very turmoil and Middle East crisis.
What are you foreseeing, I mean, or
three or four weeks into this conflict
now, what what sort of impact could this
have on not just your sector, but for
Henderson one, we have the the problem.
We have not seen the impact, so we do
not know what is going to happen.
If we know what is going on is easier to
say hedging or to try not to hedge or to
to to make some major decisions at the
moment basically is a
no response is the best response.
So properly we we take the
more more careful step we we we stay
with liquidity for ourself for the time
being and actually the markets and in
bad that's a very resilient in the
fourth quarter and and selling very into
the first quarter.
So given that without the uncertainty in
the Middle East we are quite confident
in 26 for our ourselves and our
recurring income like you just
interviewed Mr.
Peter Wong of the time.
Guess.
Yeah.
So you know that
he hinted, well what he's doing so is
part of our considerations.
So I think is is for us is we have to
take care of shareholders interests in
terms of dividend, but also we have to
take care of the liquidity and the
uncertainty.
So so that's the decision.
What I one of the risks that you see
from the conflict in the Middle East in
particular is an increase in in energy
costs or building material costs that
you're actually factoring in, or is it
demand for properties overall?
What where do you see the actual hit or
impact for Henderson Land?
Well, the worst case is the law is
prolonged, but we do not know if it ends
in five weeks is okay.
Hong Kong property market is is is not
then responsive to two things not
happening yet.
So at the moment interest rate is still
low.
The one month's high board, which is the
base for mortgage, is still pretty low,
two and a half percent.
So people I mean, those potential buyers
usually only react to reality rather
than they will not be afraid of a
there's a potential increase of interest
rates because we don't know it may
happen or may not happen.
So for us,
it's the
uncertainty.
Of course, if the lull prolong for this,
a lot of negative factors, invasion,
potentially interest rate increase, but
that can happen or may not happen.
So basically we that the best for us is
to keep ourself liquid and then look at
what happened as far as until yesterday.
The sales of public residences are still
quite, quite good.
And if you look back, I do not do and I
do not do a lot of sales.
Last year.
That means we have the holding power and
we keep our land for a better
price.
So you may or may not be a blessing.
I mean, you talk about secondary home
prices.
We've we've come up about 10% already so
far.
I mean, do you think that you have any
plans to increase your home prices on
some of the your some of your unsold
properties?
Now
we have slightly adjust some essential
sites like those in in the island,
because the island there's limited
supply and we have some modus adjustment
in the old Kowloon Uncle Auckland sites
which have a very good schooling so
assumes that you'll see edging the
Hong Kong island and and the old Kowloon
with in good schooling sometimes at the
first two year banks.
So we have a bit of supply there.
So but the increase is very modest.
Okay, Modest is what, single digits or
single digit?
Let's talk about the exciting new
project that you have on the Central
Harbourfront.
I see it every day that there's so much
activity going on central yards.
What's the update right now in terms of
the brands, the companies that are are
being potential tenants?
What's your occupancy rate currently
now?
Wow.
The shopping markets are you still
we are still trying to get to the best
would be one two so that's some a lot of
negotiation going on if I understand.
Hopefully we'll have some good news
soon.
Soon.
I hope so.
But there's somebody goes see, people
choose us and we also choose people.
So we look at it and of course, because
of the obvious, is doing well.
Well, already everybody knows that it is
70% out.
So the recurring income in 27 is there
some guaranteed.
And of course the Henderson is now 95%
leased out.
So that recurring income is quite good.
And we have opera, which is quite
exciting.
There's a theater in in in in in central
yet so let's see.
Mm.
What about, what about the leasing
strategy if you commercial buildings in,
in mainland China as well.
Because I do know for instance the
occupancy rate of the World Financial
Center in Beijing has come down.
Yes, exactly.
What is what does it look like there?
Well, I, I only look at the numbers.
I think it's not too promising at the
moment.
Like everybody that is our benchmark
building.
Their occupancy is dropping quite
substantially last year.
But so far we've tried to maintain the
existing existing tenants.
China is a very small part of our total
income now.
So they try the best, which is is a
macro phenomenon.
We can do it too, if the market do not
revive yourself.
So we try to keep our tenant and of
course the chai, the leasing game in
China.
I try really hard, but I think they do
it to boost your occupancy rates there
and what sort of strategies that you
have now.
Wow.
Of course there's
the leasing rate has to be very
competitive I think is still in a
downward trend.
So that puts out that that the location,
our Beijing building's location is very
good.
I think the occupancy rate is some also
maybe affected by this some renovation
there.
So hopefully the the is is are aged
building.
So there's some renovation going on.
And I see I hope that's after some
renovations there and leasing we will go
up at the is what is all is a medical
thing and and need to not affect our
overall PNL too much.
Yeah and remember it was about sometime
around this this year last year we were
talking about your corporate bond that
you issued
there, 8 million 1,000,000,000 HKD.
A comparatively 0.50.
Yes, yes, yes.
Do you have any more plans, similar
plans this year?
No.
I think it's very opportunistic and that
the timing was very good that time.
So you see it as no, no other peers have
been issuing in that market.
That means that definitely at the moment
it's not there.
So we will we'll keep an eye open.
But actually I'm very liquid unless I
see very attractive terms.
Otherwise I don't need to because we
start to get cash in in the leasing side
and also the gearing rate is
sufficiently low.
So it's a very comfortable position and
and this year we will sell more
properties.
Henderson Land does have a very sizable
loan though, from a from a fairly
subsidiary subsidiary, rather, which is
the Lee family, but accounting for 81
billion HKD at the end of 20.
25.
Yeah.
Do you see yourself reducing leverage or
reliance on family support in the near
term?
Well, is this the the shareholders
decision to support the lease COLA?
So first, I cannot I cannot predict if
they want to, to to reduce for that long
or to increase that long.
But but you look at it's not my concern
because you see I borrow around 140
billion of debt ATP that is from the
family so I only borrow 60 billion from
the banks.
I have around maybe one 120 to 140 feet
in bank facility.
So I'm very flexible in and to giving
wage if if if me decide to take away if
they have other investment opportunities
they take away 10% 10 billion.
10 billion is 3% gearing.
So I'm very liquid at the moment.
It
is balance.
You mentioned about the the recovery
we're seeing in the residential side.
How are you looking at commercial for
this year as well as when it comes to
the rental income side of things?
Hmm.
See, how I think is still very it's
still very challenging, but of course
the essential a certain size.
So some so some of it is resilience we
managed to to lease out the Henderson
and we have we have an engagement in
Central York's already so I think credit
essential is doing is continue to
improving because Hong Kong the Hong
Kong stock market we life of it's well
it was very volatile but since last year
the market size is increasing, liquidity
is increasing and for especially for
kind of con trading or trading hedge
funds.
Hong Kong is the Asian baby, so they are
an essential of offer.
You have to be in the little buildings
together, high speed photo fibre and
better ceilings for for sofas,
computers.
So so this century.
Okay.
And also you see some migration from old
commercial buildings to new commercial
buildings, say in West Kowloon or in
this Kowloon.
So I think is we speeds the the, the old
buildings and in in in less dominant
areas may be still challenging.
Just very briefly, Andrew.
The final dividend of $0.76 move that
does break what has been a long standing
trend of around a dollar 30.
Do you see yourself shifting back to
that dollar 30 or how long do you think
$0.76 with that level will remain is
just a one off?
Yeah, I have no crystal ball, but if you
as I mentioned last year, we have we
have no extra items like resumption of
land or from the government or are we.
We do not sell any investment properties
but this year so far the sales is good.
The, the the, the so I think is okay but
I have no crystal ball.
I can promise anything.
Yeah.
Andrew I think we appreciate that.
We all wish we had a crystal ball these
days from the CFO at Henderson Land.
This is Bloomberg.
Once when I am in Tokyo.
Japanese markets are hanging out.
Lunch break in just a moment.
And yeah, we've come off some the
initial lows.
We are lower by 8/10 of 1%.
The Nikkei 2 to 5, but there's still a
lot of uncertainties around the Iran
situation.
The memory chips, sort of trade really
being derailed here given what we heard
from Google overnight.
So certainly you are going to you see
some pressure on stocks here this
morning.
The bank so is doing a little bit better
here today.
We're just up a by about a 10th of 1%.
Dorian also showing a little bit of
strength, but it's been quite marginal,
too.
Yeah, well, I guess since that debt
story, you do tend to see banks
performing better when you're in that
expectation of rate rising environment.
And that has certainly been the trend
across JGBs this week because we've seen
the two year yield, for instance,
tracking back to levels we haven't seen
to the nineties.
And it's that big question.
Of course, Japan is very sensitive to
what's happening in the Middle East
given it's a major energy importer and
and lots of concern around supply side
inflation of course, in the country as
well.
So that expectation building for for
interest rate hikes from the BOJ in the
near term.
All right let's shift gears now.
Is mining a bit of a shift actually
cleanser, so to speak?
Let's talk about what's happening here
in Hong Kong and our week is underway
and the marquee event for the week, Art
Basel is taking place this weekend and
it features 240 international galleries
this year with the majority of them from
the Asia Pacific.
Yeah, we've got actually another event
that's underway in the city.
It's Christie's 20th to 21st Century
Spring Auctions.
Those are actually taking place right
now across actually, it's a little bit
inside baseball, but we are facing
essentially the Henderson from where we
sit in the studio this morning.
Joining us exclusively is its CEO,
Bonnie Brennan.
So, Bonnie, great to have you with us.
And we were just chatting there in the
ad break around how the trips that
you're making to Hong Kong,
it feels a little bit different this
year to last.
So so what's changed exactly, do you
think?
You know, I think the global market last
year had a really strong finish.
Our second half, as an example, was up
26% over the year prior.
So that gave great confidence to the
global market.
And you're seeing that we saw in New
York, we saw it in London, and we're
really feeling that here in Hong Kong
and getting ready for the sales we're
going to have this evening and tomorrow.
Yeah.
What are your expectations?
Because we have seen overall kind of a
slowdown in the Asia market.
What are some of the collecting trends
and kind of sort of things that you're
seeing in the region?
We love the Hong Kong sales because
there is a real appetite not only for
Asian or Asian contemporary, but also
Western masters.
And tonight, we're going to be able to
present great examples.
We even have an old master painting
tonight, a Dutch master.
We have a great German painter who
painted in Bali, Walter Street.
So it's a great eclectic mix and there's
real demand.
We see our strongest activity from here
in Hong Kong, but then across Greater
China as well.
The second biggest area of bidding for
us.
Interesting.
What is what are you seeing in terms of
price trends?
Is there actually appetite to to spend
and to spend big, do you think?
I think what we really see globally and
Hong Kong is no different is a flight to
quality.
And they really want the best examples.
What we've seen in the last couple of
years is a real sensitivity to pricing.
And we're in the auction business.
We want to create that competition, that
energy in the same room.
And that really starts with getting that
pricing right because what we find
really involved, when people start
bidding, they don't stop, you know, if
they've invested in, they've researched,
they're there, they're raising their
paddle.
And that's the enthusiasm and accepting
that we love to see that you're doing to
tap new markets, new clients.
Now, lots you know, we have to do we
have to listen to what the younger
buyers want.
Asia has been incredibly important to
Christie's in bringing those new and
younger buyers.
And we've seen the gateway really
through luxury.
Hong Kong is a huge market for us for
jewelry, watches, wine, handbags,
getting them in.
We just had a sale in New York where we
presented pop culture guitars.
We sold a guitar for 15 million USD, 20
minute bidding war, $94 million sale.
Wow.
So those are the types of new sales we
want to bring to the younger audience as
well.
What about the lending business?
What does that look like in Asia to you?
We just moved.
It's a global business for us.
We've our loan book is about
,000,000,000, but we're really excited
to do that here in Hong Kong.
It's yet another service offering to our
clients and we offer sales both at
auction and private sales.
But now we can also help clients who
want to unlock some liquidity from these
collections that they've built, and they
can then use those funds to either
diversify, make other investments.
And it's really a very discreet,
immediate process with Christie's
because we have a means to sell the
collateral.
Yeah, it's a very interesting sort of
new kind of, I guess you could say,
channel for you guys.
But I'm wondering what you're seeing
across the U.S.
and Europe with these wobbles that
you're seeing in private credit.
For example, there may be potential
cracks that are forming there.
Is that going to be concerning to you or
is that, you know, is it good news or
bad news for Christie's?
I think we're.
We have cautious optimism.
I think when we see volatility or
changes in other markets, we often see a
flight to durable or to tangibles.
Art is a great is often seen by
investors as a great place to store that
wealth.
Our client base is also largely
protected from some of the ups and
downs.
But we we saw during COVID, for example,
in the very beginning a real interest
and growth in our market.
What about the Middle East, though?
What are you seeing in that market and
how the disruptions of of the Iran war
essentially affecting your base as well,
your client base?
Yeah, we are.
We have a number of colleagues in the
region.
Our thoughts go out to everybody who's
impacted.
We are not immune to the geopolitical
situations.
What we've seen, though, is a great
continued sort of engagement from people
in the region, from our clients.
Just this week in New York, we have our
Asia Week sales.
We have an Indian and Southeast Asian
sales, incredible results.
So we're still seeing consistent
activity from the region.
Okay.
So you mentioned China as the number two
market for you guys in terms of just the
amount of collectors and the like.
Have you seen anything different about
the Chinese consumer when they or the
art collector in China just given all
these kind of trends that we're seeing
and consumption that's really ever
changing, whether it's label booths or,
you know, apple gold and the like, Soon
we're going to be having a little
sale, I'm sure.
Yeah, we have a Japanese anime sale this
week in New York.
So look, the Chinese are been and
continue to be very aggressive
purchasers at the masterpiece level when
we have a terrific work by a modern 20th
century master.
They are there.
They were there in our biggest saleroom
in November and we anticipate them being
there tonight as well as New York, which
in May, which will be our next big test
of the market.
All right, Bonnie, thanks so much for
joining us this morning.
That was Bonny Brennan there, the CEO at
Christie's.
And coming up, lots more.
As we've been saying, there's just so
many different parts of the show today.
But we've got the case of Hong Kong
Stock Exchange joining us with the
insights on the ETF pipeline, the
outlook for the sector as well.
We've got our special segment, ETF IQ
Asia coming up.
This is Bloomberg.
Welcome to another edition of ETF IQ
Asia.
It's our weekly segment that brings you
more analysis and in-depth conversations
on the growing sector.
Now, the Iran war has been a driving
force in ETF flows since the start of
the month.
For more on what we're seeing, let's
bring in our Bloomberg intelligence
analyst for ETF, Rebecca Stern, joining
us to tell us more.
What's the latest when it comes to ETF
flows.
Now we're having a record month for Hong
Kong.
ETF sales have surpassed 4 billion.
This is the highest it's ever been.
If we look at the top flows for the past
week, the theme of chips and dips have
continued.
Investors are buying the dips and
specifically into the chips names.
The first ones, of course, high tech.
No surprise there.
Hang tight.
Techs makes the top of the list every
single week.
But the second one's a little bit
interesting.
It shows that investors are really
investing back into China from a
valuation perspective.
They're a little bit cheaper now.
The third one is a tracker fund.
Most people that trade this ETF don't
even realize that it's an ETF.
They just know it as a stock to it.
So zero, this is the first ETF that was
listed in Hong Kong in 1999.
The next two are interesting because it
shows that people are really searching
for income, specifically yielding yield
products.
And so Global X, this ETF has amassed
close to 3 billion in assets and
accounts for close to 50% of Global X
ETF.
The reason why is this ETF pays a
monthly income of a of 18%.
It's yielding one of the highest
yielding products across Hong Kong at
18%.
And the last one is Hang Seng kind of an
ETF.
This ETF holds a record on Hong Kong
exchange of having the most daily
consecutive inflows at 83 days.
So overall, we're seeing tremendous
growth in Hong Kong.
And if we look at where the ETF, um, is
across the board, we're at close to 90
billion now.
Just five years ago it was at 40
billion.
So it's just showing you the tremendous
growth that we're seeing in Hong Kong.
And one of the main reason why is we're
seeing a lot of new ETF issuers come
even this week launched two new ETF.
We have Fogel launching the first ETF
next week.
And what we didn't mention is that we're
seeing new products and also the likes
of CSO.
PS two times leverage SK Hynix that's
now making the top of the list.
And I'm sure after today we're going to
see that as part of the flows going in.
And so from a product perspective, we're
seeing a lot of growth and a lot of
innovation.
And that's why by the end of the year,
we expect the Hong Kong market to
surpass 100 billion.
And our expectation is that within five
years it could surpass 150 billion in
ETF.
Um.
Wow.
Okay.
Rebecca Thank you.
Rebecca in there Bloomberg intelligence
ETF analyst let's bring in the man has
probably been dealing with all that
right Bravo is managing director and
head of equities product development and
all going strange right It's great to
have you back on the program.
I'm sure you've been busy given what
Rebecca has said.
Right.
She's talking about hundred billion or
so.
I mean, are those, you know, ambitious
targets to you or do you think
manageable?
Well, I think they're manageable.
And, you know, I think right now, as
Rebecca mentioned, I mean, the Hong Kong
ETF market is booming right now.
But I think most importantly, as the
chart that was kind of flipped up or
shown up there around the EU and this
has been a sustained kind of significant
growth trajectory.
I mean, um, has more than doubled in the
last five years and we're continuing to
see that grow.
But it's really been a very kind of
strategic kind of intentional effort to
get there with getting the plumbing
right in the market.
Also, a lot of new products investors
are now more aware and have a better
understanding of ETFs globally.
So all the right ingredients are there
for sustained, sustained success.
And so I think the numbers that Rebecca
mentioned are definitely very achievable
here in the short term.
In the near term, what does it look like
in terms of of the most popular
products?
Because as Rebecca was saying, for
instance, we've got these these levered
ETFs and a tracking is combining with
Samsung.
I mean, what are the products that
you're actually seeing most interest in
and you're looking to develop out
further?
Yeah.
So I think when you look at the investor
said Hong Kong previously had always
been largely an institutional market.
So those products, a lot of market
trackers, those were very successful.
What we have seen in the last several
years is more of the retail market
coming into the Hong Kong ETF space.
And I think that's actually brought a
new dynamic into the market.
So the products that we're starting to
see a lot more success and a lot more
traction behind one covered call ETFs.
So Rebecca mentioned the global X
products that has seen significant
growth.
Investors are really looking for yield
enhancing types of products.
So these covered call ETFs are
generating yields in excess of 13%.
So this has been a big attraction,
especially, you know, when you see that
compared to normally just kind of fixed
income yields.
So that's been one big attraction.
Levered and inverse strategies have been
extremely popular in our markets.
We brought out the single stock levered
an inverse, so the SK Hynix and the
Samsung product that CCP manages has
been
really kind of popular for investors to
get access to the Korea market.
I think that's an important thing.
You know, Korea has had tremendous
amount of.
Upward performance here in the past 12
plus months, but it's also a difficult
market to access.
So these products really represent an
easy access tool for retail investors to
get in there.
And I think as a result, the EXC, the SK
Hynix ETF, that single stock levered an
inverse product is now the third largest
by A1 globally of all the single stock
levered and inverse products out there.
How are you?
Are you managing the risk behind some of
these single stock leverage?
Yes, we did have Ding Chen from CSO PE
on just last week and she mentioned they
too are considering whether, you know,
two times leverage.
Is that too much or too high for some of
these retail investors who have been
sort of burned out given the volatility
we're seeing around the Korean names as
well?
What's your response to that?
Well, I mean, I think any time we look
to bring out any of these kind of
products, we need to make sure that they
are risk managed appropriately.
So the maximum amount of leverage that
these products can have is up to two
times.
They can always reduce if the ETF
issuers feel that's more appropriate to
give that kind of exposure.
But from our standpoint, we have very
rigorous risk controls kind of put in
place so that from a systemic risk
standpoint, we have the appropriate
amount of margin that's happening behind
these products.
So from our standpoint, we feel like the
risk parameters behind these products is
is suitable for what they are.
But we'll continue to work with the
issuers, the CFC, around how these
products are constructed and regulated.
We're seeing a lot of demand for these
ETFs from from mainland China as well,
because they're making up a really big
part of the connect flows.
Do you have any sense of the reason for
that?
Yeah, well, I think with, you know, for
ETF Connect for the Chinese mainland
investors, they're looking for
diversification.
And I think that's been one of the big
things that have been driving them.
So they are looking for diversification.
They're coming into our Hong Kong ETF
market.
I think right now we've seen we have,
according to our records, about 8 to 9
billion U.S.
dollars worth of assets under management
that has come through southbound
Connect.
So we're seeing that kind of across a
wide spectrum of products.
Now, the kind of the innovation that
we're watching for that I do think will
continue to accelerate growth is what we
call the 6040 ETFs.
It's the it's really in compliance with
the rules that we have for ETF
eligibility and ETF connect.
So that basically allows ETFs to at
least construct a product that has 40%
international equity underlying in
conjunction with 60% Hong Kong equities.
We're seeing a lot of innovation, a lot
of ETF issuers, index providers are
bringing out these kind of products.
So this will be another area that we're
going to continue to probably see growth
as there is a need for mainland
investors to really get more
diversification in some of those earlier
products that are now eligible.
We're seeing really good cash flows
starting to go into them.
There's a lot of talk about zero day
options.
So some of that you said so it could be
launching maybe this this year.
How close are we to a launch now?
Well, I mean, for us, you know, part of
our kind of strategy when it comes down
to ETFs, derivatives is we are aware of
the trend for retail investors to come
into the market.
So we have been preparing our product
lineup to attract more of the retail
participation.
We are aware that a lot of retail
investors, they go to the US and they're
trading a lot of different products.
So the covered call ETFs, the single
stock levered in inverse is part of that
strategy.
We do have strategies on the derivatives
side as well.
So we have weekly stock options that we
launched about a year and a half ago.
We have seen tremendous amount of growth
there and we're going to continue to
kind of we're going to continue in our
you know, in our bringing out more short
dated types of options, whether it's on
the single stock or the index side.
So we have seen the phenomenon of zero
dated options in the US.
It is something that we're starting to
have those kind of engagement in
conversations with the market, the
regulator.
So in due course we could see those
coming out.
Gold futures.
I've been talking about a lot of that.
I know.
Can you tell us more?
I mean, there's obviously so much action
when it comes to gold ETFs.
Yeah.
How do you think this kind of relaunch
that you guys are doing with?
How does that fit into this whole kind
of gold hub that Hong Kong wants you to
be?
Well, I think it's going to be an
important part of, you know, Hong Kong
from a government standpoint.
They have the ambition to become a gold
hub.
And there's a lot of different parts to
that.
I think from an exchange standpoint,
we're going to help support that
ambition.
I think one is doing it through the
ETFs.
Hang Seng launched a very innovative ETF
this year that actually allows physical
redemption so people, retail and anybody
can actually redeem for the physical
gold, which is the only type of product
globally that has that.
We'll also look to do the same thing, I
think, in order to have a vibrant
commodity market, whether it's gold or
other commodities, you need to have the
derivative ecosystem to support it as
well.
So we're working very, very closely with
the task force that's really kind of
focus on developing the gold kind of
ecosystem here in Hong Kong.
And, you know, we'll work closely with
them to bring out the appropriate
products and derivatives for them.
Brian, great to see you.
Great.
Thanks for coming into the studio.
That was Brian Roberts, managing
director, head of equities, product
development at Gates.
And you can tune into ETF IQ Asia every
Friday on the China show.
We're bringing you more analysis and
conversations with top Marketplace and
also newsmakers.
We'll have more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
Of interest to the conflict in the
Middle East, traditional U.S.
allies are increasingly viewing
Washington as an unreliable partner
under President Trump, and many are
actually hedging their bets, rather by
way of China.
Bloomberg Originals explores how the US
President may be Exhilarating Beijing's
influence on the Global Stage.
Here's a preview.
There's a phrase which China's President
Xi Jinping likes to use.
The world is undergoing changes which
have not been seen in 100 years.
Now these changes appear to arise, but
they are delivered unexpectedly by
Donald Trump.
Epic fury.
I said, I like that dame.
Amid the noise of war, the stance of
another major power is speaking volumes
to mountains and carve out legitimate
riches shooting dope.
The U.S.
is demonstrating itself to be a force
for instability in the world, and that
gives President Xi and China a chance to
present themselves as the adults in the
world.
China is happy to see the United States
getting bogged down in the Middle East.
China has long viewed assisting order as
being too dominated by the US.
So Trump's challenges to that order
actually presents Xi Jinping a very good
opportunity.
And the question is whether she is ready
to seize it.
In many ways he already has.
Trump's First Trade War.
May China realized that dependence in
the US is a very dangerous thing.
China's exports to the US fell about 20%
last year, but in the end, China had a
record trade surplus, keeping 1.2
trillion USD.
China deliberately tried to diversify
away from the US as a consumer base.
So do Trump's actions strengthen China
or expose it to more risk?
It cannot control.
And subscribers can see that documentary
in full right now on the terminal or at
Bloomberg.com.
Yeah.
Just to talk a bit more about the China
story, we did get some data earlier on
in the last hour when it came to
industrial profits.
Mind you, these are a bit dated given
the fact it was before the Iran conflict
began.
But then again, there were some pretty
interesting numbers.
We're talking about 15.2% increase in
industrial profits for the first two
months of this year.
So even before this sort of geopolitical
risk and all that, you're starting to
see signs of maybe a recovery trend
that's being formed.
And you got to wonder, you know, with
the spike in energy prices, is this sort
of reflation story in China finally
coming through?
Yeah, well, lending, too, was making
this point at the top of the hour that
actually this the war in Iran could end
up being a boon for China on multiple
fronts if it does actually manage to
sort of stoke these inflationary signals
in the economy.
I think as well, though, what we're
really seeing develop from a lot of
different investors is, is China can
actually act as a safe haven as well.
Yeah, that's why you have the likes of
Mizuho Shaun Derby, you know, talking
about maybe, you know, the CSI 300
probably bottomed, they think back in
2024 and they're talking about this sort
of 3070 portfolio when it comes to bonds
and equities and the value tilt that
they think is probably the way to go
from here forward.
GaveKal also came through say, bonds are
sort of the Chinese bonds story is sort
of more of that reserve asset in the
face of a lot of this volatility as
well.
So, you know, if you start to see what
we're starting to see, maybe early signs
of domestic demand bottoming and you
start to see more, you know,
anti-evolution and we heard that from
regulators this week already to rein in
these price wars or, you know, maybe we
are starting to see some mild reflation
coming through once again.
Yeah, that's that's a big question.
And as you said, that sovereign debt
story, at least from clavicles
perspective, it is also underpinned by
China's ability to produce more
electricity at a lower cost than anyone
else.
And that's really one of their major
benefits, but is about inflation.
That's the big question.
There's still caveats to this trade,
obviously, here.
Right.
And what this means when it comes to the
industrial side of things, when it comes
to these, you know, it's not really
maybe not domestic demand, but maybe
it's more just about material costs like
that's rising.
Right.
So we got play.
We're going to have a great weekend.